CloudWatch: Clarify match exact tooltip and docs (#85095)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/datasources/aws-cloudwatch/query-editor/index.md

### Create a Metric Search query

> To create a valid Metric Search query, specify the namespace, metric name, and at least one statistic. Dimensions are optional, but for a dimension to be considered part of the query it must have both a key and a value.

Author: Rather than adding a table I added to the explanation, since the * vs empty bit is just that dimensions with no value are not considered part of the query, and one row isn't really a table.

If you enable `Match Exact`, you must also specify all dimensions of the metric you're querying so that the [metric schema](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/search-expression-syntax.html) matches exactly. The query will only return metrics that have the specified dimensions and no others, so dimensions that are on the metric but that are not being filtered on must be added as a wildcard (`*`) filter.

> If `Match Exact` is disabled, you can specify any number of dimensions on which you'd like to filter. The query will return any metrics that match the namespace, metric name, and all defined dimensions, whether or not they have additional dimensions.

Reviewer: nit: we can stay in the present tense by removing the "will"

```suggestion
If `Match Exact` is disabled, you can specify any number of dimensions on which you'd like to filter.
The query returns any metrics that match the namespace, metric name, and all defined dimensions, whether or not they have additional dimensions.
```

Author: done!
